Jack Lawrence ya have a son Scott BAE's
yours dale putley I have a son I'm your
dad
hi Scottie I'm no papa your daddy your
bear we can I see him Kjell Scott's been
missing my son is missing the only thing
they have in common
your son ran away so do mine how richly
bizarre I got a picture happened 17
years ago there yes I said thank you
she's nice guy what is this a joke hello
who is the father the truth is I don't
know please just find
at least we know 8o
what is going on oh hi honey somebody
call for ballet I'm hosing your down
jerk
what it's absolutely I'll come back
Warner Brothers presents Scott 17 years
ago we both your mother hey hey hey
Robin Williams oh boy
Billy Crystal and say you're a no I'm
not all right we you get it all right it
was an accident
Julia louis-dreyfus this is your friend
your shower buddy yes yep no no we were
never in the shower together no the boy
and I were in the show you he was open
him up and hosing him off and I was just
watching a talk Nastassja Kinski Felix -
loser
everybody fix their loser in the 60 be a
true loser takes years of dedicated
ineptitude in an Ivan Reitman comedy
this is way too much trouble that's why
I don't have children watch yourself
you're too selfish and you are a mess
yes I am a mess but I'm a work in
progress Jack hug me and others join our
spirits Oh Father's Day you're ruining
my life yes you gotta go which one of
you is Scott's father
yes
you